
  The Constitution of the United States of America


Preamble

We the people of the United States, in order to form a
more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and
establish this Constitution for the United States of
America.

Article 1.Section 1.

All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.

Article 1.Section 2.

1. The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States, and the electors in each State shall
have the qualifications requisite for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature.

2. No person shall be a Representative who shall not
have attained to the age of twenty five years, and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen.

3. Representatives and direct taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States which may be
included within this Union, according to their
respective numbers, which shall be determined by
adding to the whole number of free persons, including
those bound to service for a term of years, and
excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other
persons. The actual enumeration shall be made within
three years after the first meeting of the Congress of
the United States, and within every subsequent term of
ten years, in such manner as they shall by law
direct.  The number of Representatives shall not
exceed one for every thirty thousand, but each State
shall have at least one Representative; and until such
enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire
shall be entitled to choose three, Massachusetts
